ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED

ADOBE® WARRANTY STATEMENT AND SOFTWARE DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT ("AGREEMENT")

NOTICE TO USER: THIS DOCUMENT INCLUDES WARRANTY INFORMATION AND A LICENSE
AGREEMENT GOVERNING DISTRIBUTION OF ADOBE SOFTWARE.

I.  WARRANTY AND LIABILITY LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS

NO WARRANTY. The Software is made available by Adobe for reproduction and
distribution "AS IS" and Adobe makes no warranty as to its use or performance.
ADOBE AND ITS SUPPLIERS DO NOT WARRANT THE PERFORMANCE OR RESULTS OBTAINED BY
USING THE SOFTWARE, EXCEPT FOR ANY WARRANTY, CONDITION, REPRESENTATION OR TERM
TO THE EXTENT TO WHICH THE SAME MAY NOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED BY APPLICABLE
LAW. ADOBE AND ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS, OR
TERMS (EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WHETHER BY STATUTE, COMMON LAW, CUSTOM, USAGE OR
OTHERWISE) AS TO ANY MATTER INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION NONINFRINGEMENT OF ANY
PARTY?S RIGHTS, MERCHANTABILITY, INTEGRATION, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OR FITNESS
FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT WILL ADOBE OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO
ANY PARTY FOR ANY DAMAGES, CLAIMS OR COSTS WHATSOEVER OR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, OR ANY LOST PROFITS OR LOST SAVINGS, EVEN IF AN
ADOBE REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS, DAMAGES,
CLAIMS OR COSTS OR FOR ANY CLAIM BY ANY THIRD PARTY. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS
AND EXCLUSIONS APPLY TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. ADOBE'S
AGGREGATE LIABILITY AND THAT OF ITS SUPPLIERS UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH
THISAGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO NO MORE THAN US$50. Adobe is acting on behalf
of its suppliers for the purpose of disclaiming, excluding and/or limiting
obligations, warranties and liability as provided in this Agreement, but in no
other respects and for no other purpose.

II. DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT

THIS IS A CONTRACT BETWEEN ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED AND [FIRST NAME], [LAST
NAME], [COMPANY NAME] LOCATED AT [ADDRESS, CITY, STATE, ZIP, COUNTRY]
(?Licensee?). LICENSEE HAS INDICATED ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT BY CLICKING
?ACCEPT? AT http://www.adobe.com/products/acrobat/acrrdistribute.html or
http://www.adobe.com/licensing/distribution AND THEREFORE HAS AGREED TO AND IS
BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE AGREEMENT. IF YOU HAVE FILLED OUT THE
AGREEMENT IN ERROR, OR DO NOT WISH TO BE BOUND BY THE AGREEMENT FOR ANY REASON,
YOU MAY RECIND YOUR ACCEPTANCE BY RETURNING THE AGREEMENT, ALONG WITH A SIGNED
WRITTEN STATEMENT OF YOUR DESIRE TO RECIND THE AGREEMENT, TO: ADOBE SYSTEMS
INCORPORATED, ATTN: GENERAL COUNSEL, 345 PARK AVENUE, SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA,
95110. UPON RECISION OF THE AGREEMENT, LICENSEE MUST IMMEDIATELY CEASE
DISTRIBUTION OF THE SOFTWARE AND ALL RIGHTS GRANTED UNDER THE AGREEMENT SHALL
IMMEDIATELY TERMINATE.

1. Definitions. "Adobe" means Adobe Systems Incorporated, a Delaware
corporation, 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, California 95110, if subsection 10(a) of
this Agreement applies; otherwise it means Adobe Systems Software Ireland
Limited, Unit 3100, Lake Drive, City West Campus, Saggart D24, Republic of
Ireland, a company organized under the laws of Ireland and an affiliate and
licensee of Adobe Systems Incorporated. "Authorized Operating System(s)" means
the desktop or standard-laptop version(s) of the operating system(s) set forth
in Exhibit A which is one of the Authorized Operating Systems listed at: (a) in
the case of the Adobe Reader Software, http://www.adobe.com/go/reader_os and (b)
in the case of the Web Players, http://www.adobe.com/products/systemreqs. For
the avoidance of doubt, "Authorized Operating Systems" does not include embedded
or device versions of such operating systems, or any operating systems not
listed at the above websites. "Effective Date" means the date Adobe delivers the
Software or instructions on how to access such Software to Licensee. "Intranet"
means a secure internal web site or server system that is accessible only to
Licensee?s employees, contractors, or other persons granted access to Licensee's
internal networks in the furtherance of Licensee's normal course of business.
"Licensee Product" or "Licensee Service" means Licensee product or service
identified in Exhibit A. "Software" means the most current version(s) of the
Adobe Reader® software made commercially available by Adobe for download at:
http://www.adobe.com/products/acrobat/readstep2.html ("Adobe Reader") and Adobe
Flash® Player and Adobe Shockwave® Player and associated Xtras? and any updated,
revised, or enhanced versions, or upgrades thereof, if any, provided to Licensee
by Adobe during the term (collectively, the Flash and Shockwave players are the
"Web Players"). "Use" or "Using" means to access, install, download, copy or
otherwise benefit from using the functionality of the Software in accordance
with the documentation that accompanies the Software.

2. Grant of Rights, Restrictions, New Versions, Modifications, Transfer.
2.1 License. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Adobe grants Licensee a
non-exclusive, non-transferable, worldwide, royalty-free license to reproduce
and distribute the Software, in all cases solely for the use on the Authorized
Operating Systems, as set forth below.

2.2 Distribution. Subject to the restrictions and requirements set forth below,
Licensee may (a) install one copy of the Software on a Licensee computer file
server for the purpose of downloading and installing the Software onto computers
within Licensee?s Intranet, for internal use only, (b) bundle the Software in
physical media (such as CD-ROMs, DVDs, hard disk, etc.) solely as part of, with,
or in conjunction with Licensee Product, (c) if the Software is a Web Player,
distribute the Software through the Internet to end users, solely as part of or
with Licensee Product (such as bundled in Licensee?s installer, which in turn,
is downloaded through the Internet), and (d) if the Software is Adobe Reader,
reproduce and distribute the Software solely (i) as bundled with other software
or content, through electronic means (including, without limitation, electronic
software download), (ii) as bundled with other software or content, on tangible
media, or (iii) on a standalone basis solely on tangible media.

2.3 Restrictions.

(a)  Default Settings. Licensee shall not modify the default updater settings of
any copy of the Software Licensee makes or distributes on any physical media
(such as CD-ROMs, DVDs, computer hard disks, etc.).

(b)  Adobe Reader Restrictions. If the Software is Adobe Reader, Licensee may
not bundle or integrate the Software with any:

(i) other software, plug-in or enhancement that uses or relies upon the Software
when converting or transforming SVG or PDF files into files of other formats
(e.g., a PDF file into a JPEG, SVG or TIFF file, or an SVG file into a JPEG,
PDF, PNG or SWF file),

(ii) plug-in software not developed in accordance with the Adobe Integration Key
License Agreement, or

(iii) other software in order to (A) save data locally (on the same computer),
(B) create a file that contains data (e.g., an XML or comments file) or (C) save
modifications to a PDF file, except when such saving or creation is allowed
through the use of features or functionality enabled by Adobe. Licensee may not
sell or otherwise directly receive compensation for the Software.

(c) Web Player Restrictions. If the Software is a Web Player, the license
granted in Section 2.1 and 2.2 above is limited by the following restrictions:

(i) Licensee may not distribute, download or embed the Software on any non-PC
device or with any embedded or device version of any operating system. For the
avoidance of doubt, and by example only, Licensee may not distribute the
Software for use on any (A) mobile devices, set top boxes (STB), handhelds,
phones, web pads, tablets and Tablet PCs (that are not running Windows XP or
Windows Vista Tablet PC Edition), game consoles, TVs, DVD players, media centers
(excluding Windows XP and Windows Vista Media Center Edition and its
successors), electronic billboards or other digital signage, internet appliances
or other internet-connected devices, PDAs, medical devices, ATMs, telematic
devices, gaming machines, home automation systems, kiosks, remote control
devices, or any other consumer electronics device, (B) operator-based mobile,
cable, satellite, or television systems, (C) other closed system devices, or (D)
any operating system that is not an Authorized Operating System.

(ii) Licensee may distribute only the version of the Software (with its
corresponding installer) provided to Licensee by Adobe upon completion of this
Agreement on the specific Authorized Operating System listed in Exhibit A.
Licensee shall not distribute any version of the Software found elsewhere,
including on www.Adobe.com, www.Macromedia.com, or any other download site on
the Internet.

(iii) Licensee must use the Software and the corresponding installers provided
by Adobe AS IS and may not, without express written permission from Adobe,
modify or alter the manner in which the Software files install. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Licensee may repackage the Software installer to the extent
necessary to distribute the Software through internal systems management and
configuration management software.

(iv) Licensee may not make the Software available as a stand-alone product on
the Internet; or use the Software via a server or network storage device by
which one instance of the Software is replicated to more than one user over the
Internet, including without limitation through Citrix and Citrix-type
environments.

(v) Licensee may not combine the Software with Licensee Product in such a way
that the Licensee Product?s own file format or data type takes over the file
format or data type for the Software. Flash Player and Shockwave Player must
always remain the default players for their respective file formats and data
types.

(vi) THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED UNDER THE AVC PATENT PORTFOLIO LICENSE FOR THE
PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL USE OF A CONSUMER TO (I) ENCODE VIDEO IN COMPLIANCE
WITH THE AVC STANDARD ("AVC VIDEO") AND/OR (II) DECODE AVC VIDEO THAT WAS
ENCODED BY A CONSUMER ENGAGED IN A PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL ACTIVITY AND/OR
WAS OBTAINED FROM A VIDEO PROVIDER LICENSED TO PROVIDE AVC VIDEO. NO LICENSE IS
GRANTED OR SHALL BE IMPLIED FOR ANY OTHER USE. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MAY BE
OBTAINED FROM MPEG LA, L.L.C. SEE http://www.mpegla.com.

2.4 Web Download.  Licensee may direct end users to obtain the Software through
electronic download on a standalone basis by linking to the official Adobe web
site. Permission to use Adobe logo web-buttons may be obtained at
http://www.adobe.com. Any software distributed with the Software and any web
site containing a link to an Adobe web site must not contain any (a) Adobe
logos, product signatures, or trademarks in stylized form unless under separate
prior written license (except as permitted under Section 3 below), (b) materials
that are illegal, pornographic, defamatory, infringing, threatening, invasive of
another's privacy, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable, or (c)
viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots or other computer
programming routines which damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously
intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information.

2.5 Licensee will distribute, and will ensure that its distributors and
resellers distribute, the Software under the Adobe end user license agreement
accompanying the Software or, if no such license accompanies the Software,
Licensee's end user license agreement containing the following minimum terms in
favor of Licensee and its suppliers: (a) prohibition against distribution and
copying, (b) prohibition against modifications and derivative works, (c)
prohibition against decompiling, reverse engineering, disassembling, and
otherwise reducing the software to a human-perceivable form, (d) provision
indicating ownership of software by Licensee and its suppliers, (e) disclaimer
of all applicable statutory warranties, to the full extent allowed by law, and
(f) industry standard limitation of liability, including a disclaimer of
indirect, special, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages. Licensee
will not grant any rights in the Software under a license that (g) allows
modification of the Software, (h) requires the disclosure or distribution of the
Software in source code form, or (i) allows the distribution of the Software for
a fee. Licensee shall not make any warranty, express or implied, on behalf of
Adobe.

2.6 New Versions. Upon release of a new version of the Software by Adobe,
Licensee will cease all reproduction and distribution of the Software upon the
earlier of (a) the next release of software, content or other product with which
Licensee bundles the Software, or (b) six (6) months from the date Adobe makes
such new version of the Software commercially available. As used in this
section, "new version" means a major new release of the Software, typically
designated by a change in the version number of the Software to the left of the
decimal point (e.g., 7.0.x to 8). Adobe may notify Licensee when new versions
are released.

2.7 No Modification. Licensee shall not modify, create derivative works, reverse
engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the source
code of the Software except to the extent Licensee may be expressly permitted to
decompile under applicable law, it is essential to do so in order to achieve
operability of the Software with another software program, and Licensee has
first requested Adobe to provide the information necessary to achieve such
operability and Adobe has not made such information available. Adobe has the
right to impose reasonable conditions and to request a reasonable fee before
providing such information. Any such information supplied by Adobe and any
information obtained by Licensee by such permitted decompilation may only be
used by Licensee for the purpose described herein and may not be disclosed to
any third party or used to create any software which is substantially similar to
the expression of the Software. Requests for information should be directed to
the Adobe Customer Support Department.

2.8 Reader Modification. Notwithstanding the terms of Sections 2.3(a) and 2.7,
Licensee may customize or extend the functionality of the installer for the
Adobe Reader as specifically allowed by instructions found at
http://www.adobe.com/support or http://www.adobe.com/go/reader_developer (e.g.,
installation of additional plug-in and help files). Licensee may not otherwise
adapt, translate, alter or modify the Adobe Reader in any way, including without
limitation, remove the installer program, electronic end user license agreement,
"About" screen, or any copyright or other proprietary notice that appears in the
Adobe Reader.

2.9 Transfer. Licensee may not rent, lease, sublicense, assign or transfer its
rights under this Agreement, or authorize all or any portion of the Software to
be copied except as may be expressly permitted herein.

3. Trademark Use.
3.1 Trademark License Grant. Adobe hereby grants to Licensee, and Licensee
accepts, a worldwide, non-exclusive, non-transferable, personal right to use and
distribute, under the terms of this Agreement, the "Includes Adobe® Reader®"
button for print media, the "Flash® Enabled Logo," the "Shockwave® Enabled
Logo," or such additional or replacement button(s) as Adobe may provide under
this Agreement (the "Trademarks"). Licensee may use the Trademarks solely in
conjunction with the permitted forms of distribution of the Software specified
in Section 2 of this Agreement, so long as such use also complies with the
"Guidelines for Using the 'Includes Adobe Reader' Button" at
http://www.adobe.com/products/acrobat/pdfs/Get_AReader_gdlns_11 04.pdf  and/or
the "Adobe® Flash Enabled Logo Usage Guidelines" at
http://www.adobe.com/macromedia/style_guide/logos/flash_enabled and/or the
"Adobe® Shockwave Enabled Logo Usage Guidelines" at
http://www.adobe.com/macromedia/style_guide/logos/shockwave_enabled
and the "Guidelines for Third Parties Who Use Adobe Trademarks"
at http://www.adobe.com/misc/pdfs/TM_GuideforThirdPFina_print.pdf. Use of the
Trademarks does not give Licensee any right, title or interest in the
Trademarks, other than the license rights granted herein. Licensee may not
assign, transfer or sublicense any trademark right granted herein without the
prior written consent of Adobe. Licensee agrees not to use the Trademarks in any
way that will disparage Adobe or its products, injure Adobe's reputation for
high quality or otherwise diminish or damage Adobe's goodwill in the Trademarks
or infringe Adobe's intellectual property. Licensee acknowledges the validity of
the Trademarks and Adobe's sole ownership of the Trademarks, and that Adobe
retains all right, title and interest in and to the Trademarks. Licensee
recognizes the value of the goodwill associated with the Trademarks, and
acknowledges that such goodwill inures exclusively to the benefit of and belongs
to Adobe. Licensee shall employ best efforts to use the Trademarks in a manner
that does not derogate from Adobe's rights in the Trademarks and will take no
action that will interfere with or diminish Adobe's rights in the Trademarks.
Licensee may not use the Trademarks in any way as an endorsement or sponsorship
by Adobe of any product or service. Licensee agrees not to adopt or use a
trademark, service mark, or any other designation confusingly similar to the
Trademarks. Further, Licensee agrees to use the Trademarks only in connection
with products that: (a) meet or exceed all applicable U.S. and foreign labeling
and packaging laws and regulations, (b) are advertised in compliance with all
applicable U.S. and foreign fair advertising laws and regulations, (c) comply
with all other applicable U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, (d) support
Adobe products if so indicated on packaging and/or advertising materials for
Licensee?s products, (e) are of a quality and reputation consistent with the
high quality of Adobe products and services, and (f) are advertised in a manner
consistent with industry standards. Upon reasonable request from Adobe, Licensee
will notify Adobe of the locations of your use of the Trademarks and furnish
Adobe with suitable specimens of such use. If Adobe so requests, Licensee agrees
to submit to Adobe any uses of the Trademarks for Adobe's approval prior to the
dissemination of these materials, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld.
Licensee agrees to undertake such steps as Adobe may reasonably request to
assist in monitoring and maintaining the quality and form of use of the
Trademarks. Adobe may review Licensee?s use of the Trademarks at any time to
evaluate its compliance with the quality standards described in this Agreement.
If at any time Adobe determines that Licensee is not maintaining adequate
quality standards, Licensee shall be considered in breach of this Agreement and
subject to the termination provisions of Section 11. Licensee must immediately
remedy any material deficiencies in its use of the Trademarks upon reasonable
notice from Adobe. Adobe makes no warranties of any kind, either express or
implied, with respect to the Trademarks. Adobe will not be liable to Licensee
for any consequential, incidental, or special damages (including loss of
business profits) arising from or related to Licensee?s use of the Trademarks,
even if Adobe has been advised of the possibility of such damages. If Adobe
provides Licensee with a substitute Trademark(s), Licensee shall bear all
liability for continued use of the previous Trademark(s).

4. Indemnification. Licensee agrees to indemnify, hold harmless and defend Adobe
from and against any claims, lawsuits, damages, expenses and costs, including
attorneys' fees, that arise or result from Licensee?s reproduction and/or
distribution of the Software, or Licensee?s use and/or distribution of the
Trademark(s), provided, however, that Licensee?s indemnification obligation will
not apply to claims or lawsuits arising out of a claim that either the Software,
by itself or in combination with software or hardware not provided by Licensee,
or the Trademark(s), infringes any third party patent, copyright, trademark or
other intellectual property right. The foregoing exception will not apply to
claims arising out of the combination of the Software or Trademark(s) with other
software provided by Licensee. Adobe will give Licensee prompt written notice of
any claim or lawsuit to which Licensee?s indemnification obligation applies and
cooperate with Licensee, at Licensee?s expense, in defending or settling such
claim or lawsuit.

5. Intellectual Property Ownership, Copyright Protection. The Software and any
authorized copies that Licensee makes are the intellectual property of and are
owned by Adobe Systems Incorporated and its suppliers. The structure,
organization and code of the Software are the valuable trade secrets and
confidential information of Adobe Systems Incorporated and its suppliers. The
Software is protected by law, including without limitation the copyright laws of
the United States and other countries, and by international treaty provisions.
Except as expressly stated herein, this Agreement does not grant Licensee any
intellectual property rights in the Software and all rights not expressly
granted are reserved by Adobe and its suppliers.

6. Consideration. If the Software is a Web Player, during the Term Licensee will
provide Adobe with marketing consideration as outlined below and in accordance
with the guidelines provided in Section 3.

   1. Copyright and Trademark Notice Placement.  Licensee will place the
   copyright and trademark language and, whenever possible, the associated logo(s)
   in the following areas of Licensee Product or Service: (i) the on-line
   documentation, (ii) the End User License Agreement and/or Terms of Use
   Agreement, (iii) the ?About Box? or similar notice page, and (iv) any other
   documentation of the Licensee Product or Service that contains copyright
   information. For purposes of this Agreement, copyright and trademark languages
   shall mean:

   Adobe® Flash® Player. Copyright © 1996 - 2006 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All
   Rights Reserved. Adobe and Flash are either trademarks or registered trademarks
   in the United States and/or other countries.

   Adobe® Shockwave® Player. Copyright © 1996 - 2006 Adobe Systems Incorporated.
   All Rights Reserved. Adobe and Shockwave are either trademarks or registered
   trademarks in the United States and/or other countries.

      1. Installation and Start-up Attribution. Licensee, at its discretion, may
      make the applicable Web Player logo(s) visible and readable during the
      installation and start-up screens of Licensee Product or Service.
         2. Web Site Promotion. Licensee, at its discretion, may place the appropriate
         Web Player Enabled logo(s) and/or Web Player Enabled attribution text (or
         reasonable equivalent) in the top-level ?features? page on Licensee?s website in
         a manner consistent with the other marketing features of Licensee Product. Logos
         must link to the URLs provided in the attribution text.

         7. Technical Support. Adobe shall not be obligated to provide any support to
         Licensee, its distributors, or end-users. For information on technical support
         for Adobe Reader, see http://www.adobe.com/support/products/acrreader.html. For
         information on technical support for the Web Players, see
         http://www.adobe.com/support.

         8. Copies of Product to Adobe. Unless the Software is distributed via an
         Intranet, at Adobe?s request Licensee will provide Adobe two (2) copies of
         Licensee Product or one (1) membership to Licensee Service free of charge within
         seventy-two (72) hours of Adobe?s request. This will facilitate resolving
         potential quality assurance issues with Licensee?s incorporation of Software. In
         the event Licensee Product contains Licensee confidential information, Adobe
         will cooperate with entering into a confidentiality agreement with Licensee.

         9. Export Rules. Licensee agrees, and will ensure that its distributors and
         resellers agree, that the Software will not be shipped, transferred or exported
         into any country or used in any manner prohibited by the United States Export
         Administration Act or any other export laws, restrictions or regulations
         (collectively the "Export Laws"). In addition, if the Software is identified as
         export controlled items under the Export Laws, Licensee represents and warrants
         that Licensee is not a citizen, or otherwise located within, an embargoed nation
         (including without limitation Iran, Syria, Sudan, Libya, Cuba, and North Korea)
         and that Licensee is not otherwise prohibited under the Export Laws from
         distributing the Software. All rights granted under this Agreement are granted
         on condition that such rights are forfeited if Licensee fails to comply with the
         terms of this Agreement.

         10. Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in
         accordance with the substantive laws in force: (a) in the State of California,
         if a license to the Software is obtained when Licensee is in the United States,
         Canada, or Mexico, or (b) in Japan, if a license to the Software is obtained
         when Licensee is in Japan, China, Korea, or other Southeast Asian country where
         all official languages are written in either an ideographic script (e.g., hanzi,
         kanji, or hanja), and/or other script based upon or similar in structure to an
         ideographic script, such as hangul or kana, or (c) Ireland, if a license to the
         Software is purchased when Licensee is in any other jurisdiction not described
         above. The respective courts of Santa Clara County, California when California
         law applies, Tokyo District Court in Japan, when Japanese law applies, and the
         competent courts of Ireland, when the law of Ireland applies, shall each have
         non-exclusive jurisdiction over all disputes relating to this Agreement. This
         Agreement will not be governed by the conflict of law rules of any jurisdiction
         or the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of
         Goods, the application of which is expressly excluded.

         11. Term. The term of this Agreement will be for one (1) year from the Effective
         Date unless terminated earlier pursuant to this Section 11. Adobe has the right
         to terminate this Agreement (a) without cause upon ninety (90) days written
         notice, or (b) immediately if Licensee fails to comply with any term of this
         Agreement. Upon any such termination, Licensee must cease all reproduction and
         distribution of the Software, any use of the Trademarks, and, upon request from
         Adobe, destroy all copies of the Software in Licensee?s possession along with
         certification of such destruction. However, except in the case of a breach of
         Section 2 or 5, Licensee will have a reasonable period of time, not to exceed 90
         days, to sell copies of the Licensee Product then in its inventory and to use
         the then-current version of the Software to the extent necessary for Licensee to
         support its end users.

         12. Notice. All requests and notices given under this Agreement will be in
         writing and will be by personal delivery or by certified or registered mail,
         return receipt requested (or in the case of notices from Adobe to Licensee, by
         e-mail) and will be deemed given upon personal delivery, five (5) days after
         deposit in the mail, or upon sending of electronic transmission. Notices from
         Licensee to Adobe will be sent to the following address: Adobe Systems
         Incorporated, 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, California 95110, Attention: General
         Counsel. Notices from Adobe to Licensee will be sent to the address Licensee
         provides to Adobe with this Agreement. Licensee warrants that the personal
         information it provided with this Agreement is accurate and current as of the
         date Licensee provided such information.

         13. General Provisions. If any part of this Agreement is found void and
         unenforceable, it will not affect the validity of the balance of this Agreement,
         which shall remain valid and enforceable according to its terms. This Agreement
         shall not prejudice the statutory rights of any party dealing as a consumer.
         This Agreement may only be modified by a writing signed by an authorized officer
         of Adobe. Updates may be licensed to Licensee by Adobe with additional or
         different terms. This is the entire agreement between Adobe and Licensee
         relating to reproduction and distribution of the Software and it supersedes any
         prior representations, discussions, undertakings, communications or advertising
         relating to the Software.

         14. Notice to U.S. Government End Users. The Software and the documentation
         which accompanies the Software are "Commercial Items," as that term is defined
         at 48 C.F.R. §2.101, consisting of "Commercial Computer Software" and
         "Commercial Computer Software Documentation," as such terms are used in 48
         C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202, as applicable. Consistent with 48 C.F.R.
         §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §§227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the
         Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are
         being licensed to U.S. Government end users (a) only as Commercial Items, and
         (b) with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the
         terms and conditions herein. Unpublished-rights reserved under the copyright
         laws of the United States. Adobe Systems Incorporated, 345 Park Avenue, San
         Jose, CA 95110-2704, USA. For U.S. Government End Users, Adobe agrees to comply
         with all applicable equal opportunity laws including, if appropriate, the
         provisions of Executive Order 11246, as amended, Section 402 of the Vietnam Era
         Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act of 1974 (38 USC 4212), and Section 503 of
         the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended, and the regulations at 41 CFR Parts
         60-1 through 60-60, 60-250, and 60-741. The affirmative action clause and
         regulations contained in the preceding sentence shall be incorporated by
         reference in this Agreement.

         15. Audit Right. Licensee agrees that upon request from Adobe or Adobe's
         authorized representative, Licensee will within thirty (30) days fully document
         and certify that Licensee is in conformity with the terms and conditions of this
         Agreement. During the term of this Agreement, Licensee will use commercially
         reasonable efforts to maintain a complete, clear, and accurate record of the
         number of copies of the Software it distributes during each calendar quarter in
         a manner sufficient to allow Adobe to verify compliance with the terms and
         conditions of this Agreement. Adobe shall have the right to inspect and audit
         all Licensee relevant books and records relating to the reproduction and
         distribution of the Software. Information obtained in connection with the audit
         will only be used to enforce Adobe's rights and determine whether Licensee is in
         compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Any such audit shall
         be conducted upon not less than seven (7) days' notice at Licensee?s offices
         during regular business hours and in such a manner as not to unreasonably
         interfere with Licensee?s normal business activities.

         If Licensee has any questions regarding this Agreement or if Licensee wishes to
         request any information from Adobe, please contact Adobe's customer service at
         http://www.adobe.com.

         Adobe, Flash, Reader, Shockwave, and Xtras are either registered trademarks or
         trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States and/or other
         countries.
